Congratulations everyone.
You've made it to the end of lesson one,
which is The Introduction to Cloud.
So, we're just going to use some assigned homework to do,
so that you can do some reading and understand it in more in-depth level.
So the first thing that you do is look up Virtual Machines,
and read about them in our resources.
So we'll give you links to specific pages that we want you to look into.
And then after that, we want you to check out the other cloud services.
So, I know we've chosen Amazon Web Services as our main tool to teach cloud services,
but there are other platforms out there such as Microsoft Azure and Google Cloud.
They offer a few slightly different services that Amazon doesn't have.
So you want to check them out, see what they offer,
and just so that you know what's out there,
and what can be done with the cloud so far.
And after that, we want you to create your own EC2 Instance as we've shown earlier.
So just follow through with that,
and just create it,
SSH in to it, do a couple of things,
maybe make a program and then SSH out,
and then delete the instance,
or stop it, either one.
And after you do all that,
please come back, to continue learning about the cloud.